Professor: So you guys are
saying that the circuit just caught on
fire by itself?
Okay.
Seems like
the memory chip is still intact.
Let's try this.
Each of you described
the things you've written to the chip.
I’ll compare them to the chip's memory.
If it seems reasonable,
I'll give you partial credit.
Annie: On Saturday,
I bought a bottle of orange juice
from CVS before coming to school.
I placed it on my desk
and took out my computer
and started
reviewing the Logisim simulation.
The Noam sent me.
Noam: we went to the eighth floor to,
print our datasheets and stuff,
but they were out of paper
in the colored printer,
so we couldn't print it
there.
Zeph: So here's the thing,
I designed a box. So the breadboard can fit into the box.
And our presentation looks very nice.
Annie: On Sunday, I was
figuring out this neuroimaging headset thing
that is required for us to have interfaced
with our circuit,
getting familiar
with its inputs and outputs
so that we can gain access to the memory
we wanted.
Annie: So we went upstairs
trying to print whatever document we have,
but apparently
all of the printers are out of paper,
so we had to go to this plotter room
where there's a single,
large printer.
Noam: I used the stripper
to make a lot of baby wires,
because all of the chips
need to be connected to power and ground,
so it makes it more efficient
for wiring later on.
Zeph: I got LEDs, put it on a perf board,
and then I soldered it together
to make an LED matrix.
Zeph: So uh Sunday was a
was a pretty chill day for me.
I just, you know, unrolled my box
and then I sent it to the AACE Lab
so they can laser cut.
Annie: We needed a really good wire stripper
to speed up the process.
But when I went and checked for it
in the drawer, it wasn't there.
I was in so much stress.
I literally shot off from the building.
But remembered to close the drawer of course.
And flew to this hardware store down two avenues.
Noam: I needed a cardboard box
for the circuit components,
so I went down to the basement
of the foundation building
because I remember that
they had boxes there in the pipe room.
Zeph: I had to get chips for our circuit,
and then I had to download the datasheets
from TI.
Fun fact,
they make all the chips in the world.
It's crazy, I know.
And then after I download the data
sheets, we were all ready to go.
Okay, I've got everything written down.
I will provide you with the
feedbacks later this week.